# U1.W2: Thinking About Time Reflection

* What is your biggest time management challenge with during Phase 0? 
* How will you combat that? 
* What techniques will you try?
* What is your overall plan for Phase 0?

1) I think the biggest time management challenge I have had with during Phase 0 is distributing the workload throughout the week evenly (aka procrastination). I just want to state that I am not procrastinating because I get lazy or that I don't want to learn. I find myself beginning the weeks material and becoming very frustrated with learning and absorbing the material. I read the guides/articles constantly because I find myself confused and lost during the challenges. So as I get frustrated, I tend to put off the work. And when Friday comes, I realize that I haven't done a lot of the work required of me. So that forces me to spend all of Saturday trying to figure out all the issues and questions I had. The biggest frustration I faced was when my time at office hours did not help solve the issues I was facing.
2) I think the best way to fight this is to set a schedule for myself. So for each day, I will finish one section of the week's material. This will also allow me to figure out any questions I need to ask. I will have to make sure I meet up with instructors or fellow students that could help me with the question. Plus, I can always use the Google + forum to ask any questions I have. Doing this will allow me not to put myself in a bad position.
3) I think I will begin to meditate to help with the stress involved with the workload. As I said before, I get extremely frustrated during when engaging in the week's material. It's not like I spend 5 minutes and decide it's too hard to work on. There have been many instances where I spend hours on trying to figure out how a specific concept works. But because of the frustration, the hours of trying to figure out a problem is time wasted. And if I can't figure it out, I would just tend to stop all my work. But I think if I incorporate mediation during the times I get frustrated, I believe it can do well in clearing my mind, allowing me to kind of reset my head and start the challenges with a calmer mind. The website DBC shared on mediation gave me enough reasons why meditation can be extremely helpful, especially during the time I complete assignments for DBC.  
Another technique I will try to use more often is to "get into the zone" For me to get into the zone, I will have to set some good habits and create a ritual. Using the checklist that themuse.com gives us, I will try to follow each bullet point to get me into the right state of flow. And from there, I will hopefully be able to spend my time efficiently and productively, learning and absorbing the material. 
4) My overall plan for Phase 0 is to try and absorb everything as much as possible. Given the short period of time we have, I'm bound to miss things here and there. But it's important that I do not get discouraged from the problems and frustrations I will face. So, I made sure to involve mediation throughout the course of my time enrolled in DBC (and hopefully I will continue to mediate). I will also make sure to sign up for any office hours or tutor sessions throughout the course. Why shouldn't we use free help we are offered? I think it is important to get help from other whether it’s from an instructor or fellow DBC student. I know I’m willing to help anyone if I can, and I can be that everyone else is as well.
